---
title: Hello world, would you like to join us?
layout: post
---

We're looking for smart people to join the tech team at Octopus Energy, to help
build the energy company of the future. Through total automation we will help bring the cost of energy down, deliver awesome customer service and help transition the UK to a lower carbon future.

We are just weeks into the task, so you've got the chance to join early and help define our plans. Currently, our main technologies are:

- Python - particularly Django and data processing libraries like numpy or pandas;
- Postgres and Redis;
- React and related modules from the Javascript ecosystem;
- AWS - using the Hashicorp toolset (Vagrant, Packer, Consul and Terraform).

Our current priorities lie with server side work so we're keen to
speak to Pythonistas or anyone with a love of automation and data processing.
But we're always interested in talking to smart, motivated people with an
interest in green tech or big data.

Could this be you?

We hope so. Ideally, you'll have experience in one or more of the following:

- Strong Python, especially Django and data processing libraries;
- Building slick user interfaces with React; 
- Knowledge of the modern Javascript ecosystem and asset build pipelines (eg
  webpack, mocha, gulp);
- Non-trivial experience with AWS;
- Experience working with 3rd party APIs, eg XML webservices, REST APIs, FTP
  filedrops, that kind of thing.

Octopus is backed by a multi-billion pound fund, so whilst we're a startup we're well backed from day one. Octopus is serious about renewable energy, already having built c. 40% of the UK's large scale solar, as well as wind, biogas and other generation.

This is a great opportunity to join right at the beginning of a revolutionary company in one of the most important sectors of the economy.
Get in touch via [talent@octoenergy.com](mailto:talent@octoenergy.com).




